END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement")

BY DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE AND OTHER AVAILABLE MATERIALS, YOU ("DEVELOPER")
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF
DEVELOPER DOES NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO
NOT DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE AND MATERIALS.

The materials available for download to Developers may include software in both
sample source ("Source Code") and object code ("Object Code") versions, document
ation ("Documentation"), certain art work ("Art Assets") and other materials
(collectively, these materials referred to herein as "Materials"). Except as
expressly indicated herein, all terms and conditions of this Agreement apply to
all of the Materials.

Except as expressly set forth herein, NVIDIA owns all of the Materials and makes
them available to Developer only under the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.

License: Subject to the terms of this Agreement, NVIDIA hereby grants to
Developer a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to possess and to use the
Materials. Developer may install and use multiple copies of the Materials on a
shared computer or concurrently on different computers, and make multiple
back-up copies of the Materials, solely for Licensee’s use within Licensee’s
Enterprise. "Enterprise" shall mean individual use by Licensee or any legal
entity (such as a corporation or university) and the subsidiaries it owns by
more than 50 percent. The following terms apply to the specified type of
Material:

Source Code: Developer shall have the right to modify and create derivative
works with the Source Code. Developer shall own any derivative works
("Derivatives") it creates to the Source Code, provided that Developer uses the
Materials in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Developer may distribute the Derivatives, provided that all NVIDIA copyright
notices and trademarks are used properly and the Derivatives include the
following statement: "This software contains source code provided by NVIDIA
Corporation."

Object Code: Developer agrees not to disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer
the Object Code versions of any of the Materials. Developer acknowledges that
certain of the Materials provided in Object Code version may contain third party
components that may be subject to restrictions, and expressly agrees not to
attempt to modify or distribute such Materials without first receiving consent
from NVIDIA.

Art Assets: Developer shall have the right to modify and create Derivatives of
the Art Assets, but may not distribute any of the Art Assets or Derivatives
created therefrom without NVIDIA’s prior written consent.

No Other License: No rights or licenses are granted by NVIDIA to Developer under
this Agreement, expressly or by implication, with respect to any proprietary
information or patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property
right owned or controlled by NVIDIA, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement.

Intellectual Property Ownership: All rights, title, interest and copyrights in
and to the Materials (including but not limited to all images, photographs,
animations, video, audio, music, text, and other information incorporated into
the Materials), are owned by NVIDIA, or its suppliers. The Materials are
protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Accordingly,
Developer is required to treat the Materials like any other copyrighted
material, except as otherwise allowed pursuant to this Agreement.

Term of Agreement: This Agreement will automatically terminate if Licensee
fails to comply with any of the terms and conditions hereof. In such event,
Licensee must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.

Defensive Suspension: If Developer commences or participates in any legal
proceeding against NVIDIA, then NVIDIA may, in its sole discretion, suspend or
terminate all license grants and any other rights provided under this Agreement
during the pendency of such legal proceedings.

No Support: NVIDIA has no obligation to support or to continue providing or
updating any of the Materials.
